I've known Henry since I was six years
old I remember the first day we met
travel through time in fact you and I
have friends in the future when you're a
lady there's no such thing as time
traveler
well if you hang around long enough
you'll see me disappear one second he
was there and the next he was gone
I've been waiting for Henry my entire
life it's you I wrote down every time
that you came to visit me you told me
that you go back to the same places a
lot yeah it's like gravity big events
pull you in
I miss a big event
- too weird no it's kind of magical
I don't feel long anymore No
Wow
we named her Alba you matter she's so
beautiful
I traveled through time I can't control
it
it just happens however didn't your
back did I miss Christmas
wait what do you want to talk about
let's do have how bad it feels to sit
here and wait for you
I'm father
what's wrong with me wanting one normal
thing in my life you think that I wanted
this life this husband that disappears
who would want that have a choice I
never
I don't want you to spend your life
waiting
I would attain to second of our life
together
I guess I know
you